[DOCS] Add concept of trained models (#1391)
elastic/stack-docs: docs/en/stack/ml/df-analytics/ml-trained-models.asciidoc

[role="xpack"]
[[ml-trained-models]]
= Trained models

experimental::[]

When you use a {dfanalytics-job} to perform {classification} or {reganalysis},
it creates a {ml} model that is trained and tested against a labelled data set.
When you are satisfied with your trained model, you can use it to make

> predictions against new data. For example, you can use it in the preprocessor of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
predictions against new data. For example, you can use it in the processor of
```
they are just called `ingest processors`

an ingest pipeline or in a pipeline aggregation within a search query. For more
information about this process, see <<ml-supervised-workflow>> and
<<ml-inference>>.

You can also supply trained models that are not created by {dfanalytics-job} but
adhere to the appropriate https://github.com/elastic/ml-json-schemas[JSON schema].
If you want to use these trained models in the {stack}, you must store them in

> {es} documents by using the {ref}/put-inference.html[create trained model API].

Reviewer 2: In the meantime, the URLs are changed and there is a PR up for updating the titles from singular to plural.

```suggestion
{es} documents by using the {ref}/put-trained-models.html[create trained models API].
```
